[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
DOUBLE TROUBLE
[upbeat music]
Please, let me get a good grade.
Just for once… I'm begging you.
You know, you might have better luck
if you studied before an exam.
-It beats praying for them.
-[grunts]
Excellent work, Herb!
I'm not surprised either.
I gave you an A minus as usual.
The minus is to show
you can always improve.
-Well done!
-Thank you, sir.
I don't get it. How can
such a good student be such a nerd?
But then again, you did crush Jeremy,
who's even nerdier than you are.
Keeping with a time-honored tradition,
I've saved the best paper for last.
I'm the only one left. He did just
say "the best," didn't he, huh?
I hate to burst your bubble,
but it sounded like sarcasm.
Ulrich Stern, there were
so many spelling errors in this assignment
that at first, I thought it was written
in some obscure and primitive language.
But no, in fact it was in English.
Unfortunately, I've given you an F plus.
The plus is to give you room
to do worse next time.
That wasn't just sarcastic,
it was bombastic.
-[door knocks]
-[Mr. Delmas] Come in.
Ah, Miss Ishiyama!
Well, I must say I'm flattered
that you answered my request
to come and see me.
Given your constant lateness and repeated
absences over these past few weeks,
I am absolutely flabbergasted
that you actually decided to show up.
To what do I owe this great honor?
I'm sorry, sir, I really am.
Perhaps, but not as much as I am.
I'm sincerely sorry to have
to say this to you, Yumi,
but unfortunately,
you don't leave me any choice.
If I hear that you are absent
or late just one more time,
I shall be forced to expel you
from the Academy.
[theme music]
[Odd] Expulsion? You're kidding!
Oh, no, Delmas was dead serious this time.
[Jeremy] This can't go on much longer.
It's getting harder and harder
to keep up with our school work
-and fight against XANA.
-Better believe it, Einstein.
If you ask me,
XANA is trying to wear us down.
[groans]
Well, there is one thing that we can do.
If we could recruit
one more Lyoko warrior,
it would give us some breathing room.
-And who did you have in mind?
-There's William.
He's already shown what he can do.
No way. We've already been over this.
William's too much of a hothead.
No, he can't be trusted.
As far as I'm concerned,
Aelita's right. It's a good idea.
No, it's very bad idea!
Look, we're all really tired.
Why don't we talk about this tomorrow?
Let's take advantage of the fact
that XANA hasn't attacked
and get a good night's sleep?
I'll stay up a while and work on a way
to virtualize you directly
into Sector Five, okay guys?
I've got some calculations to do.
That's what you call
getting some sleep, Jeremy?
I don't need all that much sleep,
and besides, I'll sleep a lot better
once we defeat XANA.
We all will, Aelita, not before.
-[computer keys clatter]
-[computer chirping]
[computer blipping]
-[beeping]
-[computer chirping]
[beeping]
-[beeping continues]
-[gasps]
[groans]
[footsteps]
-[grunts]
-Aelita, I have to talk to you.
-What are you so excited about?
-I did it.
I finally found a way to virtualize
all of you into Sector Five directly.
-[gasps]
-We have to run a test right now.
Come on. Let's go to the computer lab.
But we have a physics exam this morning.
You and I have fabulous grades, Aelita.
-We can afford to skip one exam.
-I don't think we should.
Besides, we have to tell the others.
No! No way we're skipping the exam!
I need a decent grade to bring up
my average.
Ulrich's right.
What's more if we're all absent,
they're bound to suspect something.
And I'm sure to get expelled.
Some adventurers you all are!
Don't be like that.
We'll go after the test is over Jeremy,
at lunch time.
Okay. Go ahead!
I'll meet you in the lunchroom.
I have to go back up and get some stuff.
[glitches and grunting]
-[water moving]
-[grunts]
Oh, no!
[groans]
Hey, Jeremy,
what's the answer to question number one?
Is Aelita done yet?
How should I know?
Ask her.
Aelita, Jeremy wants to know
if you're finished yet.
Huh?
Odd, would you like me
to give you some help?
Oh, gee, thanks Mrs. Hertz.
I sure could use a little.
I've had quite enough of watching you
copy answers left and right, Odd!
Hmm… But, ma'am, no, I was just…
-Jeremy, have you completed the exam?
-Yes, ma'am.
Good. Well then,
you will please escort
your classmate to the principal's office.
It's time Odd was punished.
[theme music]
[mechanical whirring]
[computer keys clatter]
[Odd] Why wouldn't you let me
copy off of you this time?
We wouldn't be here now.
And if you studied like everyone else,
we wouldn't be here now.
Look, A, Not everyone else studies,
and B, I am not like everyone else.
-I am special, unique…
-Hmm?
-Like you by the way.
-[grunts]
-[mobile rings]
-Huh?
[Odd through phone] Hello?
Odd, it's me, Jeremy.
Hmm? Today isn't April Fool's Day?
[Jeremy through phone] Odd, listen to me.
XANA has created a clone of me
from a polymorphic spectre.
We fought at the factory,
and he tried to drown me, but I survived.
-I don't know what he's planning, but--
-Who's that?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
He's right next to you, isn't he?
[Odd through phone] Huh…
Well, yeah… I mean… I don't know.
Look in his eyes, Odd.
Can you see the sign of XANA?
[groaning in doubt]
[distorted voice] You didn't answer me.
Who is it?
[stammering] Jeremy, I think you're right.
What do I do now, huh?
-[electric whirring]
-[Odd grunts]
Nothing. There's nothing you can do.
[Jeremy through phone]
Odd, Odd, what's going on?
Answer me, will you? Odd!
May I remind each of you not to spend
too much time in the darkroom,
printing your photos, since the darkroom
is for everyone to share.
It's nobody's personal darkroom.
I remember when I was a war photographer.
We had to develop our prints fast,
while bombs were falling.
You were a war photographer, Jim?
Yeah, but I'd rather not talk about it.
Okay, Yumi and William.
You're the first up.
You know I had another dream
about you last night.
Is that so?
There was this giant computer
in this huge room, like in a factory,
you know? And then,
both you and I were on this bridge,
fighting against some factory worker,
who was doing these wild acrobatics.
You really dreamed that?
Yeah.
I've been having that same dream
for a really long time.
It's totally weird. Then again of course,
it's only a dream,
and they're always a little bit weird.
[grunts]
Right. Shall we go?
[mobile ringing]
Jeremy, what's going on?
[Jim] This light means
that your classmates
have started the developing.
When you see that,
absolutely no one should open the door.
The light would ruin the pictures.
Listen Jeremy, if I skip class
one more time, I'll be expelled,
you get it? What'll we do then?
I don't know what's going on,
but you can always get out through here.
-And Jim?
-Leave it to me.
I'll take care of Jim.
He won't notice a thing.
Just don't be too long, that's all.
But why would you do that for me?
Let's just say that in my dream,
I really enjoyed helping you out.
So, why not try it in real life?
Might be just as much fun.
-Okay, Jeremy, I'm coming.
-Great.
Find Odd and go get Ulrich and Aelita.
I'm going to need all of you to deactivate
the tower that my evil twin set up.
Speaking of whom.
I wonder where could be right now.
[grunting]
[theme music]
[groans]
Jeremy, I found Odd.
He's a little woozy, but he's okay.
We're going to try to get Aelita
and Ulrich, and then we'll meet you.
Okay, but hurry up.
I'll start setting up
your transfer to Lyoko.
[mechanical whirring]
[distorted voice] Well, what do you know?
You actually survived.
-Huh?
-You're a real swimming champ.
-[groans]
-I'm almost proud to resemble you.
I really am.
-[electricity crackles]
-[grunts]
With the exception that I am
far more powerful than you.
[Jeremy screams] No!
[mobile rings]
[mobile vibrates]
[Aelita through mobile]
Ulrich, we have to go.
It looks like there's an emergency.
Sorry, emergency or not, I'm not moving.
I need the grade, and this time,
I'm off to a decent start.
Okay, but I'd better go.
Meet up with us when you're finished.
[Ulrich nods]
[groans]
[mechanical whirring]
[both grunting]
-[Jeremy's clone grunts]
-[Jeremy screams]
[grunts]
What are they doing in there?
What's taking so long?
Yumi, William, come on!
We're almost done, Jim. Wait 'till
you see the prints. They're fantastic!
[Jim] They're taking long enough.
I'd like to see them,
so hurry it up, will you?
Believe me Jim,
we're going as fast as we can.
[Yumi]
So what does Jeremy's evil twin look like?
[Odd] Well, just like Einstein,
except with muscles and super powers.
[mechanical whirring]
[Jeremy] Where's Ulrich?
He'll be here as soon as
he finishes his exam.
Okay, get down to the scanners
on the double, huh?
I'll start up your transfer.
Where did your nasty twin go?
I have no idea, but the faster
we deactivate the tower,
the faster we'll be rid of him.
He's right. Let's get going.
Odd, what are you waiting for? Let's go.
Okay, okay. Let's go then.
[mechanical whirring]
All right, time is almost up.
[gasps]
One more minute.
[Odd] I'm just not sure.
I should have looked him in the eye.
You never know.
I'm sure it was him.
-Aren't you, Aelita?
-[Aelita nods]
Female intuition. You can trust our flair.
-If you say so.
-Are you ready?
[Jeremy's clone through computer]
I'll transfer you as close as I can
to the activated tower.
-I'm starting up the process.
-[computer blipping]
[grunting]
[Jeremy's clone through computer]
Scanner Yumi. Scanner Aelita.
Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[Aelita grunts]
[grunts]
Okay, Jeremy, bring on our vehicles.
We're raring to go over here.
[Jeremy's clone in distorted voice]
Sorry Odd, but I have another plan.
[all gasp]
Such a great plan that you guys
are gonna just flip out!
We've been had by Jeremy's twin.
Nothing like female intuition, huh, girls?
Oh, no, what's he gonna do?
You want a little male intuition?
-Something very nasty.
-[Jeremy's clone laughs evilly]
-[keeps laughing evilly]
-[computer blipping]
-[glitches]
-Huh?
-[groans]
What's happening to us?
[Aelita] He's bugged you up.
But why us and not you?
-There's your answer. Look.
-Huh?
[Aelita gasps]
[grunting]
[grunts]
William, Yumi, that's it, you hear now?
-Open up!
-[William] Can't Jim.
We're working on the contrast.
[William]
You know how important the contrast is.
I mean, you know better than we do.
If we open up now, we'll lose everything.
Hey, Yumi, why do you leave
all the talking to William?
Yumi, answer me.
I'm right here, Jim.
I guarantee you
it'll be worth waiting for.
William and I are making
some incredibly beautiful photographs.
[grunts]
Okay.
-But hurry it up, will you?
-We will, Jim.
[lasers blasting]
[panting]
-[grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
Laser arrow!
[laser blasting]
[mechanical whirring]
-Huh?
-[glitches]
Oh, no, it didn't work.
[lasers blasting]
[grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
[Odd] At this rate,
there isn't gonna be any winner.
Go on, knock yourselves out.
[whimpers in fear]
[grunting]
[Yumi] Oh, no, Aelita.
[groans]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunting]
[Yumi] We can't do anything
bugged up like this.
[whimpers]
[groans]
Aelita, go on.
You've gotta defend yourself.
-[Aelita whimpers]
-[growls]
[whimpers]
[pants and gasps]
[growling]
[groans]
-[ethereal music]
-[gasps]
[Yumi] It's horrible not being able
to do anything.
[lasers blasting]
-[glitches]
-[gasps]
[mechanical whirring]
[grunts]
[tense music]
Now she's gonna make a dash
for the way tower.
[grunts]
This can't be!
[groans]
Given the circumstances,
there's not much we can do.
[groans and pants]
[Ulrich grunting]
[sighs and groans]
[tense music]
[grunting]
I take back what I said.
You're not even half as smart as me.
As a matter of fact, you're a stupid dope!
-[Jeremy's clone laughs evilly]
-[Jeremy grunting]
[Jeremy's clone distorted voice] Sorry,
but one of us is going to have to go.
[groaning]
Right, and I think
that's gonna have to be you.
Hey, I think I need glasses
'cause I'm seeing double.
Thanks Ulrich. You got here just in time.
What's going on on Lyoko?
-[computer blipping]
-I wish I knew.
[Jeremy through computer]
Odd, Yumi.
Jeremy, is that you? For real?
[Jeremy through computer] Yes.
[Ulrich through computer]
I can vouch for that. It's him all right.
How's it going for you over there?
Well, you could say
that we're all bugged up.
And a little ridiculous too!
-Okay, I'll take care of that.
-[Odd through computer] Hurry.
Aelita is under XANA's spell,
and she's heading for the way tower.
We could lose the Mountain Sector.
Don't panic.
I'm sending you Ulrich as backup.
[growling]
Oh, sorry, major problem.
This might take some more time.
[theme music]
[whimpers]
[whimpers and pants]
-[grunts]
-[Jeremy's clone laughs evilly]
I'm starting up the debugging.
I sure hope this is gonna work.
[computer chirping]
-[glitches]
-[Yumi gasps]
[Odd groaning]
You're the main man, Einstein!
[Jeremy through computer]
Thanks! Now, go catch Aelita
before she enters the XANA code.
I'm bringing up your vehicles.
-[computer keys clatter]
-[computer blipping]
[computer chirping]
-[lasers blasting]
-[both grunting]
-[Odd screams]
-[Yumi grunts]
-Here we go!
-[lasers blasting]
It's great to have my svelte body back.
[Yumi chuckles]
[Ulrich groans]
Things are heating up over here.
Better hurry.
[Yumi through computer] We're on it.
Where's Aelita?
[Jeremy] Almost at the tower,
but you can still catch her.
-Go on, Yumi. I'll cover you.
-[Yumi] Okay.
[laser blasting]
[explodes]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd groans] Yu-hoo!
[laughs and grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd screams]
[mechanical footsteps]
I hope it's not gonna be too late.
[whimpers]
[groans and screams]
[Yumi] Aelita!
[groans]
[grunting]
[Yumi grunts]
No!
[groans]
Oh, Jeremy.
[Yumi through computer]
There was nothing I could do.
[groans]
[Yumi through computer] Jeremy,
we're going to lose the Mountain Sector.
Don't forget to bring Aelita and me in.
[grunts]
[beeping]
[groans]
[whimpers]
[Aelita gasps]
Jeremy, now it's the time.
[Aelita screams]
[both screaming]
I'm gonna rematerialize you.
[computer keys clatter]
[both screaming]
[both groan]
[glitches]
[Ulrich groans and grunts]
-You okay?
-[Ulrich] No.
[theme music]
The Mountain Sector is
completely disappeared.
There's no way of getting
into Sector Five now.
Now XANA can attack the core
of Lyoko at any time
and destroy it for good, and there will be
nothing we can do against him.
Lyoko's gone for good,
and without it, there's not a thing
we can do to fight XANA.
-[computer chirping]
-Hmm…
[gasps]
Wait a minute.
These are the results of the calculations
I made this morning.
-What about them?
-Hmm…
I think I might have found a way
to virtualize you
directly into Sector Five, at last.
You mean the struggle
against XANA goes on?
He's not rid of us yet.
If that's the case,
then we are gonna need somebody else.
After what's happened,
we don't have a choice, it seems.
What? I changed my mind… So?
[Ulrich nods]
[Jim grunting]
Hey! Right now, you hear?
William and Yumi,
I'm going to open up this door,
and don't think I can't do it.
I used to be a safecracker.
I mean a locksmith.
[grunts]
[sighs]
We told you not to come in, Jim.
Now you've ruined my pictures.
I mean, our pictures.
-Yumi! Where's Yumi?
-Here I am, Jim.
That's so uncool for our prints.
We worked really hard on them.
[grunts]
So you're saying my dream
really wasn't a dream?
-Right.
-It really happened. Are you sure?
I am.
And you're also sure
that you need my help?
-I am.
-[Aelita] You think he'll say yes?
Of course. If Yumi asked him to dive off
a cliff, he'd do it in a second.
By the way, how did your physics test go?
Hey, it went really well.
Who'd have thought that studying
for a test would help?
Ullrich turning into a good
student for once,
William turning into a Lyoko warrior…
Our little group is going through
a lot of pretty huge changes.
[all nod]
[both chuckle]
[theme music]